Update 101-for-of-statement.md (#1738)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/106-javascript-loops-iterations/101-for-of-statement.md

> # For of statement
> 
> for...of
> The for...of statement executes a loop that operates on a sequence of values sourced from an iterable object. Iterable objects include instances of built-ins such as Array, String, TypedArray, Map, Set, NodeList (and other DOM collections), as well as the arguments object, generators produced by generator functions, and user-defined iterables.
> 
> https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for...of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# for...of statement

The for...of statement executes a loop that operates on a sequence of values sourced from an iterable object. Iterable objects include instances of built-ins such as Array, String, TypedArray, Map, Set, NodeList (and other DOM collections), and the arguments object, generators produced by generator functions, and user-defined iterables.

<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for...of'>for...of statement - MDN</BadgeLink>
```
